# cs230

The Gaming Room is a media company seeking to expand their game Draw It or Lose It from Android to a web-based version on multiple platforms. The game must have the option to create multiple teams and players, which must be unique. The game generates an image, for which each team is given the option to guess what it is within a given time frame. Only one instance of the game can exist at any time in the memory, which must be ensured by creating unique identifiers for each instance of the game, team, and players. 

	When creating the software design document, I believe I excelled in creating the executive summary and design constraints. The executive summary offers the main statement for the design document, explaining what it is that The Gaming Room wants for their software, along with their requirements. This was explained briefly and included all the necessary information for the development team to understand the task. Next, the design constraints were listed out, which brought up issues that the team would likely run into as they accommodate the software needs of the game. The essential design constraints based on the requirements of The Gaming Company were listed out clearly. For example, the matter of storage was important to include as the game involves keeping 200 images of 8 megabytes each. Addressing these was crucial for the development team to make the necessary implementations in code, and I believe I explained them well. However, an area I could’ve improved on was the Evaluation section. Although an extensive assessment of the various platforms was made, the overall organization of information could have flowed more smoothly for ease of reading. I would improve this by sticking to bullet points so developers can easily compare sections.
 
	The design constraints served as a reference on what to look for and prioritize when developing the code which was helpful. For example, the security issue listed within the constraints served as a reminder to include authorize and authenticate features to ensure secure logins and access to data for appropriate user types. To identify such design constraints, I first looked at the requirements of The Gaming Room. Upon revision, I asked myself what the end product would look like and what it would need. For example, would the expansion to web-based indicate the need for security measures in logins? Such questions led to the development of code that satisfied the company’s necessary features for the game. To address the question, features from the authentication libraries were imported to authenticate user logins. Addressing user needs is paramount in software development, as otherwise they do not get to meet the end goal with their product, and delays will ensue. Overall, I approached designing software by looking at the needs of the client and their specific requirements. I then brainstormed the possible constraints, which then led to code that addressed them fully. For future projects, I would similarly look out for what the product should look and function like, highlight potential risk areas, and implement code that addresses both, which ultimately leads to client satisfaction.
